you're kidding me he said that to your
face to my face and then what happens
I'll get real close right I'm like I
don't care which Cabbage Patch you're
from Oh give me back my viewmaster
before I knock the dimples off your face
you are I don't care bear yeah you see
the new movie trailer for what you ain't
see it what what is it uh key what
they're making another Toy Story movie
oh I thought those movies would dawn dog
they made three movies Tim make three
movies this is number four toy stories
martha's yeah what about Buzz Lightyear
stuff I am Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger
and what is like you to infinity and
your mom that's not right you sure no
that's not right I'm pretty sure that's
it let me show you to insanity and
blonde what do you even to immunity and
response guys you got it all wrong it's
to infinity and beyond nothing about
that
[Music]